session-delivery-resources/README.md, before:

## How To Use

Welcome,

We're glad you are here and look forward to your delivery of this amazing content. As an experienced presenter, we know you know HOW to present so this guide will focus on WHAT you need to present. It will provide you a full run-through of the presentation created by the presentation design team.

Along with the video of the presentation, this document will link to all the assets you need to successfully present including PowerPoint slides and demo instructions & code.

1. Read document in its entirety.
2. Watch the video presentation
3. Ask questions of the Lead Presenter

## File Summary

| Resources          | Links                            | Description |
|-------------------|----------------------------------|-------------------|
| PowerPoint        | - [Presentation](https://aka.ms/AArx7pc) | Slides |
| Videos            | - [Session Recording](https://aka.ms/AAryr1d) | Recorded Session |

## Get Started

This repository is divided in to the following sections:

| Resources          | Links                             | Description        |
|:-------------------|:----------------------------------|:-------------------|
| Session Delivery Resources | [Requirements and Preparation](./RequirementsAndPreparation.md) | The main goal of the document is to outline the necessary steps and requirements for running the demo session in both Windows and CodeSpaces environments, including setting up the environment, accessing GPT and ADA models, and preparing the source code. |
| Session Delivery Resources | [Demo steps using Visual Studio 2022](./step-by-step-vs2022.md) | The main goal of the document is to provide a detailed guide for setting up and running the demo project using Visual Studio 2022, including implementing AI search with Semantic Kernel and improving the response message.  |
| Session Delivery Resources | [Demo Steps using CodeSpaces](./step-by-step-codespaces.md) | The main goal of the document is to provide a detailed guide for setting up and running the demo project using GitHub Codespaces, including implementing AI search with Semantic Kernel and improving the response message. |

## Slides

The [slides](https://aka.ms/AArx7pc) have presenter notes in each part of the session

### Session Recording Timing

The [Session Recording](https://aka.ms/AAryr1d) have the following content in the video.

| Time        | Description |
|--------------|-------------|
| 00:00 - 00:45 | Intro to the session  |
| 00:45 - 02:15 | Intro to eShopLite app |
| 02:15 - 05:45 | Semantic Kernel |
| 05:45 - 07:58 | Demo - Solution Overview |
| 07:58 - 18:25 | Demo - Add Smart AI Search |
| 18:25 - 23:00 | Demo - Managing Security in the AI responses |
| 23:00 - 34:25 | Demo - Prompty, lifecycle of LLM prompts |
| 34:25 - 41:31 | Demo - AI + Aspire |
| 41:31 - 45:00 | Session conclusion and takeaways |

Commit message:

add header text to the session delivery resources readme

session-delivery-resources/README.md, after:

The following resources are intended for a presenter to learn and deliver the session.

## How To Use

Welcome,

We're glad you are here and look forward to your delivery of this amazing content. As an experienced presenter, we know you know HOW to present so this guide will focus on WHAT you need to present. It will provide you a full run-through of the presentation created by the presentation design team.

Along with the video of the presentation, this document will link to all the assets you need to successfully present including PowerPoint slides and demo instructions & code.

1. Read document in its entirety.
2. Watch the video presentation
3. Ask questions of the Lead Presenter

## File Summary

| Resources          | Links                            | Description |
|-------------------|----------------------------------|-------------------|
| PowerPoint        | - [Presentation](https://aka.ms/AArx7pc) | Slides |
| Videos            | - [Session Recording](https://aka.ms/AAryr1d) | Recorded Session |

## Get Started

This repository is divided in to the following sections:

| Resources          | Links                             | Description        |
|:-------------------|:----------------------------------|:-------------------|
| Session Delivery Resources | [Requirements and Preparation](./RequirementsAndPreparation.md) | The main goal of the document is to outline the necessary steps and requirements for running the demo session in both Windows and CodeSpaces environments, including setting up the environment, accessing GPT and ADA models, and preparing the source code. |
| Session Delivery Resources | [Demo steps using Visual Studio 2022](./step-by-step-vs2022.md) | The main goal of the document is to provide a detailed guide for setting up and running the demo project using Visual Studio 2022, including implementing AI search with Semantic Kernel and improving the response message.  |
| Session Delivery Resources | [Demo Steps using CodeSpaces](./step-by-step-codespaces.md) | The main goal of the document is to provide a detailed guide for setting up and running the demo project using GitHub Codespaces, including implementing AI search with Semantic Kernel and improving the response message. |

## Slides

The [slides](https://aka.ms/AArx7pc) have presenter notes in each part of the session

### Session Recording Timing

The [Session Recording](https://aka.ms/AAryr1d) have the following content in the video.

| Time        | Description |
|--------------|-------------|
| 00:00 - 00:45 | Intro to the session  |
| 00:45 - 02:15 | Intro to eShopLite app |
| 02:15 - 05:45 | Semantic Kernel |
| 05:45 - 07:58 | Demo - Solution Overview |
| 07:58 - 18:25 | Demo - Add Smart AI Search |
| 18:25 - 23:00 | Demo - Managing Security in the AI responses |
| 23:00 - 34:25 | Demo - Prompty, lifecycle of LLM prompts |
| 34:25 - 41:31 | Demo - AI + Aspire |
| 41:31 - 45:00 | Session conclusion and takeaways |
